README.md, before:

## About me

👋 Hi, I'm Danila Vershinin! As a passionate developer and avid StackExchange 
contributor, I specialize in server optimization and developing innovative 
Python utilities and NGINX modules. My work revolves around enhancing web 
server performance and security.

[![Stack Overflow Flair](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=Stack%20Overflow&prefix=%2B&query=reputation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmeta.stackoverflow.com%2Fusers%2Fflair%2F285069.json&logo=stackoverflow&style=for-the-badge)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/285069/danila-vershinin)
[![serverfault](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=serverfault&prefix=%2B&query=reputation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fserverfault.com%2Fusers%2Fflair%2F242885.json&logo=serverfault&style=for-the-badge)](https://serverfault.com/users/242885/danila-vershinin)
[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=Drank%20Coffee&query=one_time_total&suffix=%20times&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.getpagespeed.com%2Fbuymeacoffee.json&logo=buymeacoffee&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dvershinin)

### An Open-Source Software Developer 

Here on GitHub, you'll find some of my projects, including:

* Python utilities: [`lastversion`](https://github.com/dvershinin/lastversion/), [`fds`](https://github.com/dvershinin/fds), [`sde`](https://github.com/dvershinin/sde), [`pip-safe`](https://github.com/dvershinin/pip-safe)
* NGINX modules: [`ngx_security_headers`](https://github.com/GetPageSpeed/ngx_security_headers), [`ngx_dynamic_etag`](https://github.com/dvershinin/ngx_dynamic_etag), [`ngx_immutable`](https://github.com/GetPageSpeed/ngx_immutable). 


### An entrepreneur

If you're interested in NGINX module RPM packages, here's the [commercial repository by GetPageSpeed LLC](https://nginx-extras.getpagespeed.com/), the company I work with.

For posts about web performance and security, check out the [GetPageSpeed blog](https://www.getpagespeed.com/posts).

### A freelancer

I'm available for hire through Upwork. You can find the typical projects I can complete on my [Upwork profile page](https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~01ca36183687e51411).

### Get in touch

You can contact me directly on [WhatsApp](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=19294809573) or via [contact page](https://www.getpagespeed.com/contact-us).

Commit message:

Add APT NGINX Extras link for Debian and Ubuntu users in README.md

README.md, after:

## About me

👋 Hi, I'm Danila Vershinin! As a passionate developer and avid StackExchange 
contributor, I specialize in server optimization and developing innovative 
Python utilities and NGINX modules. My work revolves around enhancing web 
server performance and security.

[![Stack Overflow Flair](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=Stack%20Overflow&prefix=%2B&query=reputation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fmeta.stackoverflow.com%2Fusers%2Fflair%2F285069.json&logo=stackoverflow&style=for-the-badge)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/285069/danila-vershinin)
[![serverfault](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=serverfault&prefix=%2B&query=reputation&url=https%3A%2F%2Fserverfault.com%2Fusers%2Fflair%2F242885.json&logo=serverfault&style=for-the-badge)](https://serverfault.com/users/242885/danila-vershinin)
[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/json?color=blue&label=Drank%20Coffee&query=one_time_total&suffix=%20times&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.getpagespeed.com%2Fbuymeacoffee.json&logo=buymeacoffee&style=for-the-badge)](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/dvershinin)

### An Open-Source Software Developer 

Here on GitHub, you'll find some of my projects, including:

* Python utilities: [`lastversion`](https://github.com/dvershinin/lastversion/), [`fds`](https://github.com/dvershinin/fds), [`sde`](https://github.com/dvershinin/sde), [`pip-safe`](https://github.com/dvershinin/pip-safe)
* NGINX modules: [`ngx_security_headers`](https://github.com/GetPageSpeed/ngx_security_headers), [`ngx_dynamic_etag`](https://github.com/dvershinin/ngx_dynamic_etag), [`ngx_immutable`](https://github.com/GetPageSpeed/ngx_immutable). 


### An entrepreneur

If you're interested in NGINX module RPM packages, here's the [commercial repository by GetPageSpeed LLC](https://nginx-extras.getpagespeed.com/), the company I work with.

Debian and Ubuntu users may be interested in the [APT NGINX Extras for Debian and Ubuntu](https://apt-nginx-extras.getpagespeed.com/).

For posts about web performance and security, check out the [GetPageSpeed blog](https://www.getpagespeed.com/posts).

### A freelancer

I'm available for hire through Upwork. You can find the typical projects I can complete on my [Upwork profile page](https://www.upwork.com/freelancers/~01ca36183687e51411).

### Get in touch

You can contact me directly on [WhatsApp](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=19294809573) or via [contact page](https://www.getpagespeed.com/contact-us).
